[docs] Add python version section (#474)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/python-in-gitpod.md

</div>

> ## Python version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Python Versions
```

> By default Python Versions: `3.7.6`, `2.7.16`, `2.7.17`, and `3.7.3` are installed in Gitpod, the easiest way to install a new Python version is to use `pyenv install <VERSION>` for an example suppose you wanted to install Python `3.6.4` you would run `pyenv install 3.6.4`. You can switch between Python versions using `pyenv global <VERSION>` for example if you wanted to switch to Python version `2.7.17` you would run `pyenv global 2.7.17` Also if you are using Python 3 you must use `python3` and `pip3` instead of `python` and `pip`

Reviewer: Wow, this is crazy. Good catch! I don't think we need to have 4 versions of Python pre-installed. Could you please see if you can reduce that to just 2? (One `2.x` and one `3.x`.)

Also, phrasing suggestion:

```suggestion
Gitpod workspaces come with Python versions: `3.7.6`, `2.7.16`, `2.7.17`, and `3.7.3` pre-installed by default.

The easiest way to install a new Python version is to use `pyenv install <VERSION>`. For example, suppose you wanted to install Python `3.6.4`, you would run `pyenv install 3.6.4`.

You can switch between Python versions using `pyenv global <VERSION>`. For example, if you wanted to switch to Python version `2.7.17` you would run `pyenv global 2.7.17`.
```

Reviewer: Also, I've removed the sentence about using `python3` and `pip3`, because it's not quite right. If you want to use Python 3, you can also run `pyenv local 3.7.6`, and then just use `python` and `pip` as usual (`pyenv` makes it work right).

Also, you only want `pyenv global <VERSION>` in a Dockerfile. In a workspace, I think you'll prefer `pyenv local <VERSION>`, because that will stay effective even after stopping and restarting a workspace (contrary to `global`).

</div>

## Python Versions

> Gitpod workspaces come with Python versions: `3.7.6`, `2.7.16`, `2.7.17`, and `3.7.3` pre-installed by default.

Reviewer: The version order doesn't make sense to me (i.e. it's not sorted).

Also, there should be only one `2.x.y` version, and one `3.x.y` version. So two in total. (It's a bug in `gitpod/workspace-full` if there are more than that.)
